If you follow along in the previous demo and set up your application
to have the basic security configuration installed,
you've actually already done the work required to have
the in‑memory authentication set up.
If you open up your ConferenceSecurityConfig file and scroll to the bottom,
you'll see this configure section that takes a final
AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth argument, and inside of here,
we have auth.inMemoryAuthentication.
So that just tells us that we're going to start off
with using inMemoryAuthentication.
And then we define it to use withUser, Bryan, and a password that
uses the passwordEncoder, and encodes the password of pass, and then
assigns a role of user to our application.
So this was already done.
If you haven't done that, then you'll maybe want to add that in here now,
but realize that this is using the equivalent of an in‑memory database,
and we now have basic authentication set up inside of
our app utilizing these features.
So this is how it all ties into it.
Now I want to go through and talk about how you change this auth.InMemoryAuthentication into JDBC authentication.